Q:When does the new bunk'd come out?
A:The new bunk'd episode 41 comes out on April 21, 2017, episode 42 comes out on April 28, 2017 and episode 42 is due to come out on May 24, 2017. 

Q:Who won the 2016 ncaa football national championship?
A:The 2015 - 2016 season's ncaa national football championship game was played between the Clemson Tigers and the Alabama Crimson Tide on January 11, 2016. The Alabama Crimson Tide won the game by holding off the undefeated Clemson Tigers 45–40 in the fourth quarter.

Q:When was the last time the death penalty was used in pa?
A:The last time the death penalty was used in pa was on July 6, 1999. 

Q:Where will failure of the left ventricle cause increased pressure?
A:"Backward" failure of the left ventricle causes congestion of the lungs' blood vessels, and therefore causes increased pressure in the lungs. These symptoms are predominantly respiratory in nature.

Q:Who won the war between ethiopia and italy?
A:The first war between Italy and Ethiopia took place from 1895 to 1896. This war was won by the Ethiopian army after the Battle of Adwa. The second war between the two nations was fought from October 1935 to February 1937 and was won by the Italians in the Battle of Maychew. 

Q:Who played bonnie in gone with the wind?
A:The 1939 film gone with the wind's character Bonnie was portrayed by American child actress and public relations officer Eleanore Cammack "Cammie" King. A musical by the same name was officially opened at the New London Theatre on 22 April 2008. The character Bonnie was then played by Leilah de Meza.

Q:Premier league record for most wins in a row?
A:The English Premier league, a number of teams hold the record for most consecutive wins depending on whether you consider the start or end of the season. The record for most wins (9) in a row from the start of a season was achieved by Chelsea. If we're considering the most wins in a row to the end of a season, that record (14) goes to Manchester City. And if you don't consider the start or end of a season, that record (18) goes to both Manchester City and Liverpool.

Q:What episode does goku become super saiyan 3?
A:In the Dragon Ball Z Kai anime series, goku becomes super saiyan 3 in the English title translation Delay Majin Buu, The Limit! Super Saiyan 3!!, Dub title Hold Majin Buu in Check! Limit — Super Saiyan 3!, episode 133 or Majin Bū o Kuitomero, Rimitto! Sūpā Saiya-jin Surī!! in Japanese. 

Q:Who published harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban?
A:The third book in the "Harry Potter" series Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban was published in the UK, US and Canada. It was published by Bloomsbury in the UK, by Scholastic, Inc. in the US and by Raincoast in Canada. 

